These files can be used to generate the pre-processed versions of the four considered datasets (as used for the paper) from their raw versions; in order to do so, the files concerning the dataset to be pre-processed have to be moved into the main folder.

These files contain also the implementation of the blocking functions:
- For SIGMOD20, for each record two keys are extracted from the "Brand" and "Model" attribute values as follows. The first key is extracted by removing punctuation marks and numeric characters from the two attributes and concatenating the remaining strings. The second key is generated with the numerical characters of the "Model". Then, these two keys are employed to build an inverted index of the records: each key corresponds to a block and two records are indexed together in the same block if they share at least one key.
- For Altosight, for each record a key is generated by concatenating the "Brand and "Size" values and removing white spaces. The key is then used for creating the blocks as for SIGMOD20.
- For Funding dataset, for each record two keys are considered. Firstly, if the value in the "Name" attribute is not null, up to two tokens before the first comma are extracted (this is done to remove organization suffixes); then, punctuation marks, numeric characters and white spaces are removed to yield the final key. A second key is extracted from "Address" value (if not null) by removing punctuation marks, numeric characters and white spaces. As for the other datasets, these keys are employed for creating the blocks. For this dataset, the blocking strategy appears far from ideal since it yields a low recall. However, it represents a plausible real-world scenario, which gives the opportunity to study whether BrewER is affected by such choices.
